The picture show a beautiful view of a very high mountain along with a wide river. The context looks like, there is mist covering everything, there is one boat in the river.
There are three person in the picture, two womans and one kid. They appear in the the mountain context, one one woman is carrying her kid, and the other woman is doing laundry in the river. From a distance, there is a house appear in the right corner of the picture.
two woman are in the pictures. one of them is sitting and still fixing her appearance while looking in the hand mirror. The other one is standing and talking to the sitting one.
There are two man fighting each other in the picture. It looks like they are generals from two different clans.
A japanese woman is holding the kid. The woman wears kimono and so is the kid. There is a picture hanging in the room. It looks like they are mother and son.
A man with a sword grabs a little demon with a horn and threatens enough to make the spider growing upside down on his face while trying to cut it.
On the side of the waterfall in the canyon, the samurai are climbing the waterfall, clinging to the trees extending from the waterfall so they are not washed away by the water.
In this picture, one man, one woman, and one person whose gender is unknown are drawn, and the woman appears to be rejecting the man.
Three women are drawn in this ukiyo-e, and the woman in the middle is messing with a plate floating on the river with a stick. The background is green, and cherry blossoms are in bloom, so it seems to be spring.
Some women are chatting・・ｻ・ｽｼ・・ｻfollow a man behind.
From left on, it's a woman is cleaning the other woman's feet, two men are talking beside a sedan, the maid is talking to the woman in the sedan. The picture in the right contains three women, one of them is sitting on a chair and chatting with the other two.
There are four people in the picture. One man is painting and three women is watching the painting.
There are two girls playing Japanese traditional badminton on the top of the picture, two girls playing balls on the bottom, and a woman holding a baby in the middle.
there are many people in the picture. All of them are men. people in the outside still do a war, killing each other. and people in the inside panicking because of the war outside.
the man show the picture of warrior maybe he is a general of some army. the warrior have a bow that he carried in his back. and he hold an arrow in his right hand.
There are five people on one boat, four men, one women. The guy sitting on the rear is hardly to find. And one man with a square hat is fishing, and he is successful. Others are cheering for him. The boat is made of wood, with a dragon head on the front, and one monster on the rear. There is a flag on the boat with two character in Kanji.
The picture contains one man who is lifting a woman`s mask. The man is wearing no trousers, but with two swords. I think the season is on autumn, because there are many momiji on the ground. The man seems very sad, maybe it is because he just lost someone that he loves very much.
4 people with white are carrying a little golden house and 6 people with golden surround them. 2 people in golden riding horses on the front. One horse is golden and the other one is white.
Many men with little hair are confusing about the person without head and hands. They are kneeling on the floor and the non-head person are flaying above.
it seems like the main character is a princess or a queen, and two followers are serving her. The two followers are wearing a pair of gloves with dragon pattern